Architecture, hlasm and language server comments address (#15)
michalbali256/HlasmPlugin-docs: documentation/language_server.tex

\sectionSrc{Response with result}
{language\_server/src/feature.h,language\_server/src/server.h}

> According to the LSP and the DAP, the server is required to send messages back to the LSP/DAP client either as responses to requests (e.g. \TT{hover}), notifications (e.g. textDocument/publishDiagnostics notification) or events (e.g. stopped event). Features require reference to an instance of the \TT{response\_provider} interface that provides methods \TT{respond} and \TT{notify} for sending messages back to the LSP client. Both LSP and DAP server classes implement the \TT{response\_provider} to form protocol-specific correct JSON with the arguments.

Reviewer: protocol-specific correct JSON
trochu vela adjektiv ma ten JSON na mna :D  correct by som umazal

The only implementation of the \TT{send\_message\_provider} interface is the \TT{dispatcher}.

%******************** REQUEST MANAGER *************************
\sectionSrc{Request Manager}
{language\_server/src/request\_manager.h}

\TT{Request manager} encapsulates a queue of requests with a worker thread that processes them. There may be up to two \TT{dispatcher} instances in the language server: one for LSP and one for DAP. Both of them add the requests they parse into one \TT{request manager}. It is necessary to process the requests one by one, because the parser library cannot process more requests at the same time.

There are three threads running in the language server:
\begin{itemize}
	\item LSP read thread --- a thread in which the \TT{dispatcher} reads messages from the standard input.
	\item DAP read thread --- a thread in which the \TT{tcp\_handler} listens on a localhost port to initiate a DAP session. After accepting the DAP client, the \TT{dispatcher} reads DAP input on this thread too.
	\item Worker thread in \TT{request\_manager} that processes each request using the \TT{lsp\_server} or the \TT{dap\_server} and ultimately the parser library.
\end{itemize}

> The threads are synchronized in two ways: First, there is a mutex that protects adding to the request queue simultaneously by the LSP and the DAP read threads. Second, there is a conditional variable to control the worker thread.

Reviewer: myslim ze protects nie je spravne sloveso, skor prevents

> Request manager additionally incorporates a mechanism for invalidating requests that have been obsoleted by new requests. The obsoleting of requests is done by a cancellation token. It is shared between the parser library and the \TT{request\_manager}. When set to true, the results of current request or notification are no longer needed, the parser library stops all parsing and return as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request manager additionally incorporates a mechanism for invalidating requests that are being obsoleted by new requests. The obsoleting of requests is done by a cancellation token. It is shared between the parser library and the \TT{request\_manager}. When set to true, the results of current request or notification are no longer needed, the parser library stops all parsing and return as soon as possible.
```

Author: tu by som nechal ten perfect, tie veci boli obsoleted v momente ked uzivatel nieco napisal, to je minulost

> When a new request arrives, all previous requests (including the currently processed one) that concern the same file are invalidated, but they cannot be simply removed from the queue. They still have to be processed, because they may carry information that must not be discarded. The parser library processes the request but does not reparse any source files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new request arrives, all previous requests (including the currently processed one) that concern the same file are invalidated. However, they cannot be simply removed from the queue. They still have to be processed as they may carry information that must not be discarded. The parser library processes the request but does not reparse any source files.
```

Reviewer: ako citatel som po precitani odstavca zvedavy aku informaciu carryuju ze ich nemozno discartnut. Je to niekde spomenute? alebo je to kontextualne jasne?

Author: je to jasne az z toho prikladu co ide potom.. mozem dat nieco kratke do zatvorky

\subsection{Example of request invalidating}

> For example, when a user starts changing a file, every character he writes is passed to the language server as a textDocument/didChange notification. Each such notification is processed in two stages:

Reviewer: nechapem preco predpokladame, ze user je on (he) :D

Author: a co navrhujes :D
